---
title: Capstone Week 9 - Final Design Presentation Preparation
tags: meeting-notes
show_edit_on_github: false
---
## WEEK 9
Week 9 is meant to be a wrap up week before the course ends with Final Design Presentations. The slides are due Monday, Nov. 20th by noon, so the team is making efforts to solidify the design decisions.

While the team is extremely stretched over the excess of deliverables, here are the approximate goals for this week:
- Mechanical will be aiming to CAD the sensor attachments to the pipe and investigate sealability of the water-sensitive elements.
- Software will be setting up the database and design the software outline for the project.
- Electrical intentends to run sensor tests using an oscilloscope in one of the University labs.

### Meeting with Professors
This week marks the last meeting with the advisors for the F24 term.

As of the meeting time, Mechanical has produced the majority of the CAD model and received feedback on ways to mount the motor. The ideal scenario recommended was to mount to the body of valve, with the backup being a two-sided clamp mount onto each end of the pipe. Prof. Khamesee also mentioned that an FEA is desired by the teaching team to be presented during FDP in the upcoming week.

### Jake's Weekly Updates 
- no, no one's there. I just lied

### Team Progress Update
Software team has purchased a display/touchscreen for the group's Raspberry Pi.

Mechanical has made the CAD model for Stage 1 of the project (including sensor mounts, motor mount and the motor-to-handle attachment) as well as conducted an FEA on the produced design.

Electrical created the schematics for the ultrasonic sensor circuit. This includes the TDC1000 chip that will serve as the analog front end. Communicating to that is the MCU. The schematic for this was created as well including peripheral connections. 

The group had two meetings over the weekend to produce the FDP slide deck and successfully submitted the deliverable on Sunday night.

If a pipe bursts and nobody is around to hear it, does it really burst? (Yes, it does, that's why this project exists)
<!--more-->