---
title: Capstone Week 3
tags: meeting-notes
---
## WEEK 1: The Designing
Our third week of Capstone brings us to the establishing of Design Specifications and Alternate Designs. Our goals are to establish what we believe to be the most important aspects of the potential future design and to come up with permutations of possible designs in order to assess their potential.

### The Specifications:
We have a few key specifications for our project. These directly relate to the functionality and ability of our project to detect and respond to potential bursts.
1. **Burst Detection**: Our specification for burst detection leads directly into the question of what potential sensors could be used to detect bursts. We considered four main contenders: Ultrasonic Sensors, Pressure Sensors, Turbine Flow Sensors, and Moisture Sensors.
2. **User Notification**: Our specification for user notification is intended as a way to notify the user of our system to potential failures. We considered three main options: SMS/Email Notifications, App-based Notifications, and Audible Alarms.
3. **Reaction**: Reaction relates to the ability of the system to prevent damage in the event of a burst. We considered three options: Shutting off Flow, No Response, and Sealing the Burst.
4. **Power**: Power considers how our system is powered. Since we are interfacing with water, it is important to consider the risks associated with different powering mechanisms. Additionally, the potential for power failure poses another risk for bursts. We considered: GFCI Wired Powering, Battery Powering, and Redundant Power Sources (a source that combines both wiring and battery power). 

#### Specification Summary:
| **Burst Detection** | **User Notification** | **Reaction** | **Power** |
|:-------------------:|:---------------------:|:------------:|:---------:|
|      Ultrasonic     |       SMS/Email       |Flow Shut-Off |GFCI Wiring|
|       Pressure      |          App          | No Response  |  Battery  |
|       Moisture      |         Alarm         |Burst Sealing | Redundant |
|        Turbine      |           -           |      -       |     -     |


### Professor Feedback:

- The Scribes of Team 5

<!--more-->
