---
title: Capstone Week 3
tags: meeting-notes
---
## WEEK 3: The Designing
Our third week of Capstone brings us to the establishing of Design Specifications and Alternate Designs. Our goals are to establish what we believe to be the most important aspects of the potential future design and to come up with permutations of possible designs in order to assess their potential.

### The Specifications:
We have a few key specifications for our project. These directly relate to the functionality and ability of our project to detect and respond to potential bursts.
1. **Burst Detection**: Our specification for burst detection leads directly into the question of what potential sensors could be used to detect bursts. We considered four main contenders: Ultrasonic Sensors, Pressure Sensors, Turbine Flow Sensors, and Moisture Sensors.
2. **User Notification**: Our specification for user notification is intended as a way to notify the user of our system to potential failures. We considered three main options: SMS/Email Notifications, App-based Notifications, and Audible Alarms.
3. **Reaction**: Reaction relates to the ability of the system to prevent damage in the event of a burst. We considered three options: Shutting off Flow, No Response, and Sealing the Burst.
4. **Power**: Power considers how our system is powered. Since we are interfacing with water, it is important to consider the risks associated with different powering mechanisms. Additionally, the potential for power failure poses another risk for bursts. We considered: GFCI Wired Powering, Battery Powering, and Redundant Power Sources (a source that combines both wiring and battery power). 

#### Specification Summary:
| Burst Detection      | User Notification  | Reaction          | Power          |
| :----:               |  :----:            |   :----:          | :----:         |
|    Ultrasonic        |     SMS/Email      | Valve Closing     |   GFCI/Outlet  |
|  Pressure            |     Application    |      No Reaction  |      Battery   |
| Moisture             |     Alarm          |  Burst Sealing    | Redundant/Both |
|  Turbine             |     ----           |      ----         |      ----      |

### The Designs:
We proceeded to create some different potential designs based on what we thought would be viable as product designs:
1. Utilizing ultrasonic sensors to detect fluid flow, we would send a notification to the user through an app and shut off the flow based on the user's response to the application. This would be powered by a battery of some sort.
2. Measuring pressure and flow through a pressure sensor and a flow turbine, we would detect irregular conditions and set off an audible alarm. If nobody comes to disable the alarm after some time, it would disable the flow. This would be powered by a GFCI outlet.
3. Distributing moisture sensors throughout the home, we would analyze the values of the distributed system and determine if abnormal conditions are present. If they are, we would shut off the fluid flow based on user repsonse through an app. Each sensor would be powered by a battery.

Our designs were evaluated using a Design Matrix, and Design 1 was determined to be the most viable design moving forward. Some changes to the design are inevitable, but this gives us a good place to start.

### Patent Review:
We additionally considered existing patents and came to the conclusion that patenting our system may not be viable due to the limited novelty and existence of extensive other patents in this field. For reference, we considered:
- US20210363734A1 - Shutoff system for water valve
- US11680865B2 - Leak detection in water distribution systems using acoustic signals
- WO2020049305A1 - A system and method for minimizing liquid leaks

### Professor Feedback:
Professors Tung and Thistle provided good insight into potential improvements and paths to explore with respect to the design. They also helped us clarify our ideal timeline for future project work, included the breaking down of the project into distinct stages of development. As we progress through the stages, we seek to add new functionality and capabilities to the project. Additionally, the suggestions of Professors Tung and Thistle may be implemented as part of the later stage work. In the meantime, we will be focusing on establishing primary functionality and gettting started.

Stay burst-less, friends.

<!--more-->
