---
title: Capstone Week 2 - Problem Space Solidification
tags: meeting-notes
show_edit_on_github: false
---
## WEEK 2
Welcome Back! This week, September 18th, marks our second meeting with Dr. James Tung and Dr. John Thistle. This meeting focused on the why there exists a need for our pipe burst delection project, as well as criteria and constrains we need to be mindful of during our design and implementation process. Prior to this meeting, we performed extensive quantitiative research including the consequences of pipe bursts, common reasons for failure, as well as existing solutions.

Internally, we also set up time-management/organization tools, capstone workflow accounts (including email and github), and discussed immediate plans for the coming weeks so the group members can all have a clear understanding of expectations.

### Needs, Criteria, and Constraints:

**Needs:** The main need for a pipe burst detection and possible damage mitigation project lies in its prevalence and expensive/severe consequences.
**Criteria:** The criteria for our project are as follow:
- *Cost*: given that any cost over $600 CAD is paid out-of-pocket by the team members, ideally we want to minimize cost
- *Minimal Footprint:* smaller sizes for the project are preferred for installation convenience and space efficiency
- "Sensor Effectiveness:* the sensor(s) used should be able to detect pipe bursts as accurately as possible
- *Invasiveness:* minimal damages should be inflicted on existing pipe systems
- *Ease of Usage:* should be easy to use to minimize confusion of users
- *Power Redundancy:* system should still operate in times of power outage
- *Danger: * safety of capstone members and users should not be compromised

**Constraints:** The constraints for our project are as follow:
- *Water/Moisture Tolerance*: must be able to withstand a certain amount of water/moisture exposure so that it does not fail in the case of pipe bursts
- *Compliance with Plumbing Standards:* cannot violate Canadian/Ontario plumbing regulations for legal reasons
-  *Compatibility:* must fit with existing pipe/valve sizes to make it useful for practical real-world applications
- *Cannot impeded Water Flow:* normal flow cannot be obstructed as it would inconvenience users

### Professor Feedback:
The needs, constaints, and criteria were approved by Dr. Tung and Dr. Thistle. Dr. Tung again provided some information about his personal experience with pipe bursts which were insightful and helped confirm our needs, criteria, and constraints. As a result, we will begin working on our Preliminary Design Presentation.

With needs like these, your bursts never stood a chance!
<!--more-->
