---
title: Capstone Week 8
tags: meeting-notes
---
## WEEK 8: Design Week 2
This week, our goal is to move the project forward and complete some calculations for theoretical values of our system. 

### Software Progress Update
We updated the block diagram for the software architecture. In relation to this, we obtained the Raspberry Pi for the local database and are setting this up. We also focused on flushing out expected input and output values. 

### Mechanical Progress Updates
We completed the torque calculations for the valve. This tells us how much torque the motor must provide to close/open the valve for the pipes. 
We also started motor selection. We talked to MESS and obtained some viable motor choices. 

We decided to the formation of the ultrasonic flow meter placement on the pipes. They will be placed across each other on a pipe some distance apart. 
A possible concern we might face in the future is to ensure the ultrasound does not propagate mostly around the pipe material. It needs to propagate through the water inside so we can measure water flow velocity. If the signal were to mainly propagate through the metal pipe, then we would fail to measure water flow velocity. 

### Our Progress on the electrical side 
We worked on setting the ultrasonic sensor up. This proved to require more work than expected. The datasheet for the ultrasonic flow meters we are using were missing information on the input voltage range and the expected output voltage range. So, we contacted the manufacturer and hoping for a response. We also calculated the band pass filter and amplifier for the output from the sensor based on popular flow meter output values. If the manufacturer fails to respond in time, we plan to perform some tests on the ultrasonic flow meters based on values most other flow meter sensors operate on to help us determine the operational ranges of these sensors. 

In terms of powering up the transducer, for testing purposes, we plan on using the Arduino to generate a 1MHz pulse. We may need to step this up to increase the range of the ultrasound. For the future, we would need to operate an external oscillator so that the Arduino would still be able to perform other tasks.

For receiver circuit, the Arduino's ADC is not capable of reading in a 1MHz pulse, so we would need to source an ADC that can read at least 2MHz frequencies. 

### Meeting with Professors
We presented our progress to the professors. This included all of the above. The professor gave us many insights into the electrical design surrounding the ultrasonic sensors. We discussed ways to transmit data and how we can send and receive this information. 

Namely, in terms of transmitting data, we discussed sending data not just once from the transducer to the receiver, but also to switch the roles of the ultrasound sensors and send it again. Having two signals would allow us to compare and cancel out for noise and lag. 

### Jake's Weekly Updates 
- Jake listened to good music 
- Jake made zombie noises this week. feelin kinda uwghhhhhh 

### Moving Forward
We  will continue development on the Raspberry Pi for the local database, rough designs for the sensor mounts, enclosure for motor and battery (the big idea), and ultrasonic sensor lab testing. 

Did you know bursting spelled backwards is still bursting? Just backwards. Stay forward, friends!