---
title: Capstone Week 11 - Term Wrap-Up
tags: meeting-notes
show_edit_on_github: false
show_subscribe: false
---
## WEEK 11 
Week 11 will be the last formal meeting of the Capstone team this term -- we will return in January! Of course, that's not to say that more work won't be done in the meantime.

### Team's Progess Update
Software has been burning the midnight oil to solidify their design, finalizing communication protocols and creating mock-ups of the application design. Additionally, extensive research has been carried out around the burst detection algorithm, specifically as it concerns the applications of Machine Learning and adaptive AI.

Mechanical and Electrical have largely been focused on finalization of design schematics and assemblies. With these squared away, the team can hit the ground running the the construction of a prototype early next term.

The entire time has been working till they drop to get the Final Report finished as well. At a staggering 48 pages, this behemoth of a paper could enable even non-engineers to continue our work if they were so inclined. Once the report is submitted, we will be officially done with the formal work period for Capstone, but the unofficial work period has just begun! Just kidding (mostly).

### Jake's Weekly Updates 
- let a guy phalange (NOTE: his finger hurt at the time of this update)

### Future Work
Since the break between terms is upcoming, the team is not planning on doing much work; however, Software is planning on getting a jump-start on next term by implementing a prototype of the user application and a proof-of-concept for the necessary inter-device communications.

The only thing more not bursting than our pipes is our will to go on! See you all next term :bowtie:
<!--more-->