---
title: Capstone Week 1
tags: meeting-notes
---
## WEEK 1: The Formulation
Welcome to our website! September 19th marks our first meeting with our Capstone Project Professors: Dr. James Tung and Dr. John Thistle. This meeting focused on the problem scopes that we will be focusing our Capstone Project around. In the days before this meeting, we focused on formulating and understanding the logistics that we will be needing to keep us focused, on-time, and successful for this project.

### The Problems:
We presented two main problem scopes to our Capstone Professors:
1. **Pipe Burst Detection and Damage Mitigation**: This problem statement centers around the potential damage and costs that residential (or even commercial) pipe bursts can cause. As a Capstone Project, we would be tackling the development of some system to help detect these bursts and be able to mitigate the damages they can cause.
2. **Wildfire Reforestation**: This problem statement is based on the extraordinary damages that we have seen caused by wildfires world-wide. By creating some system to aid with reforestation efforts, we can help the ecosystem bounce back and hopefully replenish a lot of the flora that was lost.

### Professor Feedback:
Both Dr. Tung and Dr. Thistle were approving of the problem scope proposals. Dr. Tung gave some information about his personal experience with pipe bursts, which cemented how real and pressing this problem is for anyone who owns (or lives in) a home. As a result, we will be pushing forward with this problem scope.

Look out, pipes. We're coming for you!
<!--more-->
