---
title: Capstone Week 10
tags: meeting-notes
---
## WEEK 10: 
Week 10 marks the beginning of the end for our capstone project. We started the week by finishing up our Final Design Presentation slides and practicing for presentation (the team removed my fantastic shoebill stork slides).

As a summary of the progression from last week, electrical proceeded with schematic work for integrating the Ultrasonic Flow Sensors, mechanical designed and analyzed potential system mounts for sensors and motor, and software worked on setting up the database for local testing.

### Meeting with Professors
Since we're entering the last bit of our capstone project this term, our meets with the professors have come to a close. Tune in next term for meetings updates! We'll be meeting with Dr. Khamesee and Dr. Kennings soon enough.

### Jake's Weekly Updates 
- big slime enjoyer?

### Team's Progress Update
Software's integration work for the Raspberry Pi is ongoing, though technology restrictions around Wi-Fi and setting up has been a bit of a roadblock. As we continue forward, we plan on focusing on peripheral setup, including app design and basic user-interface.

Mechanical's primary focus has been on validating the principles of mechanical design with respect to the end assembly.

Electrical's work centered around finalizing schematic designs for the first design iteration.

The group successfully executed their FDP! 

If the FDP were a pipe and we were a fluid flow, it would have been bursting!
<!--more-->