---
title: Capstone Week 5 - Preliminary Design Presentation Preparation
tags: meeting-notes
show_edit_on_github: false
show_subscribe: false
---
## WEEK 5:
<!--summary statement-->
The deliveverable for Week 5 is the Preliminary Design Presentation slides, so we were compiling the necessary information.

### Content Expectations

For the PDP, there are several important pieces of information that lend to a strong preliminary design:
- Need/Problem Statement
- Goal and Objectives
- Constraints and Criteria
- Alternate Design Solutions
- Patent Search (at least 3 patents) – Relative Merits and Demerits
- Is the Theoretical Design Patentable?
- Design Selection Matrix
- Project Timeline

The first 5 points were gradually addressed in the previous weeks' deliverables, and the team only needed to refine the initial drafts based on the feedback provided during advisor meetings.

Patent Search was carried out to help gauge the viability of the preliminary design, and it was pretty helpful to gauge the extents to which the field has been blocked for further innovation. The area of burst detection and prevention has been thoroughly patented, and our design uses several methods that intersect the protected applications; we deemed that it was likely not patentable.

Design Selection Matrix has also been revised based on the updated Criteria, and the updated matrix is presented in the table below.

| Criteria             | Design 1  | Design 2   |Design 3    |
| :----:               |  :----:   |   :----:   | :----:     |
|    Cost              |     3     |      2     |      1     |
|  Footprint           |     3     |      2     |      2     |
| Sensor Effectiveness |     2     |      3     |      1     |
|  Invasiveness        |     3     |      1     |      3     |
|   Ease of Use        |     3     |      2     |      1     |
|  Power Redundancy    |     2     |      0     |      1     |
|  Danger              |     3     |      2     |      3     |
|  **Total Score**     |     19    |      12    |      12    |

Design 1 will be the path we take for future designing. If you need a reminder as to which designs are which, it can be found [here]()

An approximate project timeline was also finalized as part of the PDP preparation with each project Stage now being more concrete.

### Professor Feedback

No meeting with the advisors was held this week, hence no feedback was provided.

It's like they always say, a PDP a day keeps the bursting at bay
<!--more-->
