---
title: Capstone Week 12 - Return From Winter Break
tags: meeting-notes
show_edit_on_github: false
show_subscribe: false
---
## WEEK 12
Week 12 marks the first week back from Winter Break as well as a transition into MTE 482 from MTE 481. We're excited to get back into the capstone project work!

### Winter Break + Week 12 Updates
#### Mechanical
Mechanical's recent work has been primarily around setting up the test-bed, including soldering the testing pipe and getting all the relevent fixtures set up. Additionally, Mechanical has been working on manufacturing and testing the fit of the sensor mounts that will be employed by the system. This includes 3D-Printing the sensor mount prototypes and testing their fit with the Ultrasonic Transducers.

#### Electrical
Electrical acquired ICs that will be used for interfacing with the Ultrasonic Transducers as well as performed the initial testing of their developed Firmware. Given some uncertainty with the ICs, sorting out the implementation of Firmware that will give us the best results is an ongoing process. Electrical also worked on soldering and assembling more of the circuitry, including an ESP32-S3 board that will be used for facilitating Bluetooth/Wi-Fi communication.

#### Software
Software spent most of the Winter Break working on developing the stack for the project as well as setting up the application that users will use to interact with and monitor their system. From the last week of MTE 481 (Week 11), Software saw a large transition in the expected stack/technologies that will be required for the project implementation. This includes the removal of the RasPi as an intermediary and moving the database/algorithmic processing into the cloud. This reduces the amount of strain and setup required for a local implementation and significantly simplifies the communication pipeline.

### Jake's Weekly Song Recommendation
<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/0yrjpm1AxpSNgJNsFPeNuI?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

<!--more-->