---
title: Capstone Week 21
tags: meeting-notes
show_edit_on_github: false
show_subscribe: false
---

<style>
  img {
  display: block;
  margin-left: auto;
  margin-right: auto;
  }
  video {
    display: block;
    margin-left: auto;
    margin-right: auto;
  }
</style>

## WEEK 21

Week 21 is Week 10 the W24 term. 

### Team Progress Update
This week marks the last meeting with the advisors in preparation for the Symposium.
Progress made over this week is mostly in preparation for the Demo Day, which proved to be quite an eventful week as the deadline steadily approaches.
The Symposium is taking place on March 25th.

In addition to the updates described below, the week wrapped up with the team gathering to design the Symposium poster with the goal of submitting it to W Print this upcoming Monday.

### Electrical Updates
As the main scope of work for Electrical can be considered wrapped up, Electrical is providing heavy support to Firmware in order to get the transducers to read flow data.
At the end of the week, as part of the effort to troubleshoot the transducers (see Firmware updates below), Electrical has procured extra parts - including new transducers which would have a higher piercing factor.

### Firmware Updates 
Carrying over the efforts from last week, Firmware is actively working on sensor testing in conjunction with Mechanical and Electrical.
The transducers seem to be heavily struggling with getting consistent signal through the 3/4" pipe on the prototype, therefore the testing procedure has gone through multiple iterations with main focus being getting readings from still water inside a container. After an entire week of various approaches, which involved 3D-printing multiple wedges, applying ultasonic gel, and trying out different conductive materials for the vessels' walls, the transducers produced mixed results.

The best readings are obtained from large-diameter vessels, with the sensors attached directly to the circular features with some gel applied in between.
Copper seems to be much harder to penetrate for the ultrasound, and the team suspects that the difficulty also emerges from having multiple material layers in between the sensors.
Prof. Khamesee has suggested producing wedges out of metal during the meeting with the advisors - the group has taken that into account but foresees manufacturability challenges with the given timeline remaining. Therefore, all efforts are made to achieve working sensors with the 3D printed wedges / bare contact.

### Software Updates 
Software has successfully produced an ML model with high accuracy based on the mock data produced by Firmware last week.
The app interface is also being further developed.

### Mechanical Updates 
Mechanical has gathered all necessary resources to waterproof the enclosure, and is on track to complete the prototype assembly.
This involves lasercut acrylic walls, neoprene padding for the seals and the remaining fasteners.
Shortly before the Demo Day the motor-to-handle attachment has snapped during testing, so a replacement piece has been made.

In parallel, Mechanical has been supporting Firmware by 3D-printing the iterations of sensor fittings.

### Jake's Weekly Updates
🫵👏☝️✋  

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/27L8sESb3KR79asDUBu8nW?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

<!--more-->
